update readme document (#1055)
chaos-mesh/chaos-mesh: README.md

- [PingCAP](https://www.pingcap.com)
- [Xpeng Motors](https://en.xiaopeng.com/)

## Blogs

> - [Chaos Mesh - Your Chaos Engineering Solution for System Resiliency on Kubernetes](https://pingcap.com/blog/chaos-mesh-your-chaos-engineering-solution-for-system-resiliency-on-kubernetes/)
> - [Run Your First Chaos Experiment in 10 Minutes](https://pingcap.com/blog/run-first-chaos-experiment-in-ten-minutes/)
> - [Simulating Clock Skew in K8s Without Affecting Other Containers on the Node](https://pingcap.com/blog/simulating-clock-skew-in-k8s-without-affecting-other-containers-on-node/)
> - [Chaos Mesh® Joins CNCF as a Sandbox Project](https://chaos-mesh.org/blog/chaos-mesh-join-cncf-sandbox-project)
> - [Building an Automated Testing Framework Based on Chaos Mesh® and Argo](https://chaos-mesh.org/blog/building_automated_testing_framework)
> - [chaos-mesh-action: Integrate Chaos Engineering into Your CI](https://chaos-mesh.org/blog/chaos-mesh-action-integrate-chaos-engineering-into-your-ci)
> - [Chaos Mesh 1.0: Chaos Engineering on Kubernetes Made Easier](https://chaos-mesh.org/blog/chaos-mesh-1.0-chaos-engineering-on-kubernetes-made-easier)
> - [Chaos Mesh X Hacktoberfest 2020 - An Invitation to Open Source](https://chaos-mesh.org/blog/chaos-mesh-x-hacktoberfest-2020)

Reviewer: Blogs 
```suggestion
Blogs on Chaos Mesh design & implementation, features, chaos engineering, community updates, etc.  See [Chaos Mesh Blogs](https://chaos-mesh.org/blog). Here are some recommended ones for you to start with:

- [Chaos Mesh - Your Chaos Engineering Solution for System Resiliency on Kubernetes](https://pingcap.com/blog/chaos-mesh-your-chaos-engineering-solution-for-system-resiliency-on-kubernetes/)
- [Run Your First Chaos Experiment in 10 Minutes](https://pingcap.com/blog/run-first-chaos-experiment-in-ten-minutes/)	- [Run Your First Chaos Experiment in 10 Minutes](https://pingcap.com/blog/run-first-chaos-experiment-in-ten-minutes/)
- [Simulating Clock Skew in K8s Without Affecting Other Containers on the Node](https://pingcap.com/blog/simulating-clock-skew-in-k8s-without-affecting-other-containers-on-node/)	- [Simulating Clock Skew in K8s Without Affecting Other Containers on the Node](https://pingcap.com/blog/simulating-clock-skew-in-k8s-without-affecting-other-containers-on-node/)
- [Building an Automated Testing Framework Based on Chaos Mesh® and Argo](https://chaos-mesh.org/blog/building_automated_testing_framework)
- [Chaos Mesh 1.0: Chaos Engineering on Kubernetes Made Easier](https://chaos-mesh.org/blog/chaos-mesh-1.0-chaos-engineering-on-kubernetes-made-easier)
```

Author: Done
